README.md, before:

# mychoice

## Model Youth Choice Behaviours with Ready4

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![ready4](https://img.shields.io/badge/ready4-modelling-indigo?style=flat&labelColor=black&logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://www.ready4-dev.com/toolkits/)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/ready4-dev/mychoice/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ready4-dev/mychoice/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7213799.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7213799)
<!-- badges: end -->

Tools for modelling the choice behaviours with the ready4
youth mental health systems model (https://www.ready4-dev.com/).
Supports standardised workflows for the design and analysis of
Discrete Choice Experiments.  This development version of the youthu
package has been made available as part of the process of testing and
documenting the package. If you have any questions, please contact the
authors (matthew.hamilton@orygen.org.au).

To install a development version of this software, run the following commands in your R console:

```r
utils::install.packages("devtools")

devtools::install_github("ready4-dev/mychoice")

```

Commit message:

potentially problematic version with conflicting Model class dpcys

README.md, after:

# mychoice

## Model Youth Choice Behaviours

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![ready4](https://img.shields.io/badge/ready4-modelling-indigo?style=flat&labelColor=black&logo=data:image/png;base64,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)](https://www.ready4-dev.com/docs/software/libraries/types/module/)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/ready4-dev/mychoice/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ready4-dev/mychoice/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.7213799.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7213799)
<!-- badges: end -->

Tools for modelling choice behaviours in youth mental health
economic models. Supports standardised workflows for the design and
analysis of Discrete Choice Experiments.  This development version of
the mychoice package has been made available as part of the process of
testing and documenting the package. If you have any questions, please
contact the authors (matthew.hamilton1@monash.edu).

To install a development version of this software, run the following commands in your R console:

```r
utils::install.packages("devtools")

devtools::install_github("ready4-dev/mychoice")

```
